README.md, before:

# General Usage
Watch/Listen to just Band of Horses:
[http://www.tubalr.com/just/Band+of+Horses](http://www.tubalr.com/just/Band+of+Horses)

Watch/Listen to bands similar to Fleet Foxes:
[http://www.tubalr.com/similar/Fleet+Foxes](http://www.tubalr.com/similar/Fleet+Foxes)

# Contributing
Please go for it if you're interested in pitching in to make Tubalr better. 

## Get up and running

1. install *postgres* if you don't have it

2. install *bundler* if you don't have it: `gem install bundler`

3. install gem dependencies: `bundle install`

4. edit `database.yml` to match your postgres configuration

5. execute: `bundle exec rake db:create`

6. execute: `bundle exec rake db:migrate`

## Basic Git/GitHub Workflow

1. Fork it    

2. Make a branch for your fixes or new features: `git branch -d branch_name_here`

3. Make your changes, test to make sure they work and that no previous 
functionality is broken.

4. Push to your fork 

5. Open a pull request and describe your changes!

## License
Tubalr's source is under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, please refer to the `LICENSE.md` file for any further reading.

Commit message:

come hang out on irc

README.md, after:

# General Usage
Watch/Listen to just Band of Horses:
[http://www.tubalr.com/just/Band+of+Horses](http://www.tubalr.com/just/Band+of+Horses)

Watch/Listen to bands similar to Fleet Foxes:
[http://www.tubalr.com/similar/Fleet+Foxes](http://www.tubalr.com/similar/Fleet+Foxes)

# Contributing
Please go for it if you're interested in pitching in to make Tubalr better. 

Come hang out in #tubalr on irc.freenode.net!

## Get up and running

1. install *postgres* if you don't have it

2. install *bundler* if you don't have it: `gem install bundler`

3. install gem dependencies: `bundle install`

4. edit `database.yml` to match your postgres configuration

5. execute: `bundle exec rake db:create`

6. execute: `bundle exec rake db:migrate`

## Basic Git/GitHub Workflow

1. Fork it    

2. Make a branch for your fixes or new features: `git branch -d branch_name_here`

3. Make your changes, test to make sure they work and that no previous 
functionality is broken.

4. Push to your fork 

5. Open a pull request and describe your changes!

## License
Tubalr's source is under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, please refer to the `LICENSE.md` file for any further reading.
